README.md, before:

# Coding Bootcamp Challenges Repository

This repository is where I will be storing weekly coding challenges for my bootcamp.

I will also be publishing any related mini projects.

This source code is available to everyone under the standard MIT license.

<br>

## Weekly Challenge 1

For this challenge, we have to refactor an existing site to make it more accesible. <br>


### Challenge Requirements
```markdown

# User story

AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines

# Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/asish-dewan/bootcamp-challenges-repo/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

### License

© 2022 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Updated hero image path and README file

README.md, after:

# Coding Bootcamp Challenges Repository

This repository is where I will be storing weekly coding challenges for my bootcamp.

I will also be publishing any related mini projects.



<br>

## Challenge #1

For this challenge, we have to refactor an existing site to make it more accesible. 

My deployed website: https://asish-dewan.github.io/bootcamp-challenges-repo/

<br>

### Challenge Requirements
```markdown

# User story

AS A marketing agency
I WANT a codebase that follows accessibility standards
SO THAT our own site is optimized for search engines

# Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the icon and image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title

[Starter Code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/urban-octo-telegram)

```
## Feedback

Feel free to provide any suggestions or any feedback on my attempts at the challenges.
